Stop
Your hand.
I don't want you anymore.
Did you forget that his surname is also Lin?
I'm helping you get rid of the weeds
I know. Let's talk about it later.
Don't worry about it
Cece, come with me
This guy's a monster.
He will hurt you
Let go of your hand
Otherwise
Your hand will be chopped off to feed the dog
This guy's aura is so strong
He really wanted to kill me
Lin Bei
Could it be that
He really is the flame of Haicheng
No, it's impossible.
If he is
I have already introduced my identity
Yunbei is enough
I will no longer hide from you
Just by the thick frost of Lu Tu on you
Same to get
You and I can't be friends
Sister Bulin
You are lying to me, right?
It's this bastard
I miss you too.
Kill Jun Proud
I told you not to touch him
Are you begging me?
If you ask for someone, you must look like you are asking for someone.
He closes his eyes now